do  get questions one
how  can you possibly
the
first
you  know that your own
the  videos when they or she may
choose  to wash the video and she was so too and given the title of this man
she  can choose to watch it or choose not
and  you know i actually feel positively about
for  one thing life is long
when  it gets tragically cut short i never know of my
airplane  is going to crash
crossing  the road whatever it may be
only  opportunity my daughter ever had
suddenly  like you that my story and
beyond  that
how  much
for  someone to watch
vide  the tallest
i  can remember how awkward and frankly outlet was talking about such
honorable  with absolutely awful to reflect that thinks of but my parents
character  and if my parents plummet world arose italian imagine be
relatively
for  my daughter to watch it video like this
and  then if she wants to talk about
to  be able to raise the subject with me had the
as  opposed
having  a lot of awkward pauses and
i  remember you now look
i  can
that  would have been like a leaven twelve
e  ad
you  know when your parents start talking but that
so  it can be hard to hear it can be hard to listen to and if anything the slightly the artificial
created  by the
for  my daughter and here as much or as little
on  the other hand it's also addressing this is like a general
how  was
it's  kind of weird almost all the videos are from the perspective of
you
of  course i can think of a lot of reasons
want  to share that alive so they want
private  but within the covers of the switch all venus water pretty much like
either  to the
going  on
we  lately of the
o
so  if there are middle age people talking with the stuff i don't see it and it's obviously it's on
your  middle age that you have a lot more
look  back on it but he put the great
have  at the time it happened is different from the respective years later
looking  back and in
that  is definitely
nothing  dramatic about it but my experience of it last
negative
it's  interesting because i just
so  i had some email back in
the  woman
the  same age at the time so were the same age now and a curve of it is totally
et
very  romanticized very positive you know for her it's a wonderful happy memory of how
he
what  have you
it's  really like a dark shadow a dark cloud that hung from but for tigers
and  at once made a really really negative way with awful it was awful in its inshoot
term  longer tibetans and in terms of why i chose her rounder than other women who around
and  so on
there  is there are a lot of meaning plastic to at lessons to
they're  not at all the same lessons that the young woman
and  by which she was not a virgin i lost every
i  dare bet
different
look  a digression that for he is not a digression is one to say i do think that
after  a certain age as
to
somehow
give  your child some
their  own mister
with  my wife i can remember saying the word microphones ranger i camembert saying
the  ex wife look you know
after  a certain age what ideal
give  your kid
a  slightly separate apartment not their own kith
all  the responsibilities
germsell  but if for example you have a house with the driveway
can  you renovate the garage
be  a separate little apartment again doesn't have to have a kitchen but where your kid at least has a
truly  separate bedroom that separate from your for walls where they can talk on the phone and
music  without disturbing you and where they can have friends over and where they can lose their
virginity  without any go to a hotel and where you're not policing every interaction they have with other
young  people their own age i mean i think if you're going to have a sixteen year old home with you if your kid is not going to move out
of  the house
come  independent whether still in high school at a time when independence is an illusion anyway
can  you take some steps to afford them the
a  renovated garage or you know in canada you can buy a second hand mobile
home  and review a trailer
you  can buy a mobile home put your driveway
and  again if you don't actually drive it around it doesn't have a kitchen and gas hooked up
that's  really just like
you  know a bedroom
but  it is separate and your kid that has some ability
to
spent  time alone or spent time with friends and
and  make their own mistakes
while  your close enough that they can get your help and yet one they want to they can still be coming into your
two  or three meals a day and cooking and cleaning with you
but  were they also due to some extent have a little bit of a
that's  really i think what ideal when you've got it
and  i mean
do  you have the money to do it
different  parties in life i could imagine that if i was living in an apartment in an apartment building
making  the decision to move at one point when my car
instead  of being in one big apartment which is suitable for young children
to  move to having two small apartments you know if they're on the same floor in the same apartment building
different  forms and seafaring where your kid has a separate apartment and again they're still
coming  to the meals at you you still seeing them as as much as is comfortable for all parties but where they do
have  their own
some  of the mistake
well  still being close enough
you  can build the mouth with the pauses they give literally come to you crying
in  hoching people fall in love and follow a love and even even
people  remain virgins until marriage
the  emotional component of sexuality
livin  is living the word i want not an owl vivid let's stick with vivid all right any
malluch
the  reality is that my first girl friend the giornale
i  chose her for political
completely  reflect the cultural program i had had up to that time the culture of
my  own family the culture down to toronto at that time
i  did not choose her because i was attracted to her or
because  of chemistry between us or because we're compatible in other ways i didn't choose her
as  some one sexually compatible
choose  someone politically come
in  the vast majority of cases
that's  going to lead to
louise  love life
all  kinds of people make that decision i mean as middle aged people i think it's a lot more common to make that decision
when  you're settled down in middle age
instead  of when you're hot blooded teenager but i was hot wood a tiger who had options
i  do a lot of beautiful women throwing them so even before after enduring that relationship with my first girlfriend
and  i was turning those down because i really
the  message
that  my role in life was to be a left wing intellectual
i'm  not left wing any more i grew out of it but i was absolutely taught it was absolutely
inculcated  with these far left wing values
and  i was inculcated with the value that any one i loved any one i have sex with anyone in the relationship
with  must be my intellectual
must  be basically reading and caring about left when polson
that  same level so my first girl friend was a young woman who had read comare
she  had read she evare she had she carried about for left wing issues
she  carried about you know nicaragua i not
so  much vietnam and her case poohed a list of you know left wing civil wars
and  revolutions that she had read the history of an caribou and so she really checked
those  boxes those check marks
that  i can't even say those were things that might parents explicitly taught
me  to look for but in the same way that a lot of people grow up jewish only want
to  be with some one whose jewish in the same way he grew up in an extreme
left  wing family covers were not moderate they were left wing ere
and  you only want to be with someone else's left wing extremes i am very very glad
i  did not get track islander because i grew out of it a popliteal
any  more as a lot of you over from this channel you know i think my bicarbonate and
interest  but many began now perceived me as conservative because i'm not warranted
most
so  to gain i don't think she remembers it that way
what  she remembers my my the grow i lost my anwoth was she remembers his meeting
me  at this party
the  moment she laid eyes off being issue with swept offer
and  it was the sort of classic teenage courtship scenario were at this party some
dance  was danced with another girl
and  she was standing there with her circle like a semi circle of light
four  or five friends another side of her
and  you know peter moosejaw was dropped she was unrepresented me and over friends
were  staying next to a holding rambling go talk to him you know egging her on encouraging
her  to be confident and color and and in the shade with
now  look again at them says at this time
i  had actions i had a lot of objectively good looking women who were
really  at me and really offering to lose their virginity
a  woman were virgins
very  very good looking that if you get say objectively good line
some  people you know there's beauty in the eye of the holder there's the person you painleve with his person you feel or
just
your  own doing credit
when  one of the girls coming at me that
leader  became like at present
again  so that's not subjected
she  had the kind of beauty where you go to an audition
you  get a town at hagenau get put hunt because you're so good looking and
when  my father met that girl the girl became present i mean he freaked out he
the  unbelievable how can you possibly turn that down but it did turn it
i  did turn it down because she was not oh let me leuctra ly she was very
very  different from me i remember that her man for five seconds
five  seconds
and  you know her whole family background was so alien to me at that age i was not confident
to  get into bed with her or make those
the  compromises and i do get for that reason looking back on it it's not like i regret it
because  she was beautiful i regret it because it would have been really meaningful me for me at that
age  to have a relationship with
from  a totally different cultural background totally different political values to
and  instead what i ended up doing was pursuing and getting with women who are
the  same cultural background the same political background above all
and  when another one of the women who came at me before after and during the relation of one of his really
really  trying to get in the bed
later  the came a strip
she  was over time but maybe as one year later
she  was because i think she was one year older than me
so  then i guess she turned eighteen and became a strip or like so again she was really
objectively  good looking at a lot of funny stories above
you  know again i turned to
and  that you know that for me those were not the
the  criteria for me on a deep level as a pocket into me i had to be
by  the isleta someone i could in that sense respect and
and  you shared these political values
that  were absolutely like the backbone
of  my opera
so  i met this girl this party her memory of it is very very different from my foolish
fell  in love with me it would for her was love at first sight and for me it wasn't for me i met her
and  it was really later was when i found out about her political background like you know kyored carl marks
he
that  was okay said this this clicks this
for  me to
a
but  you know she thinks of the story a starting she thinks of chapter one of that
story  is being she laid eyes on me i was dancing with another girl i wasn't alone
and  she falls in love with me and then she does her best i mean she basically put me in a headlock i mean
she  just absolutely did everything in her power to get into bed
and  again she was not a virgin
knew  what she wanted and she did whatever it took and you know yes
for  her prospective
he  was swept off her feet by me
but  that's not even as a collie i pursued her you know to me anyway
great  you know so to some extent the sweeping of the feet was mutual but for me that's all chapter too
because  before he
the  interested there was another girl that party i was already
after  i was already interested
and  talking to me obviously for only a few minutes
before  she came in with her circle of friends
cried  the kind of take over and
and  again my whole life will be different in some subtle way it instead god with that
but  me i did not choose her because of a sense of natural
attraction
ah
and  that really foretold the fact that my experience tells
and  of all human sexuality with that grow friend and for years afterwards
was  really really
no  man so partly there's this kind of romantic and even biological aspect
then  how were you selecting your part
you  select someone mostly because of their money
it's  unlikely you're going to receipts possible you roll the dice you could choose someone because their rich
you're  really compatible and you've a great love like
griffiths  someone but by the same token if you choose some one for those political reasons
really  something artificial and if you're a virgin if your first serious relationship yo don't have anything then compare
to
so  your choosing so for those reasons again culturally i perceived as very moral and upstanding and
good  that you
blome  i could show to my parents and say he
this  grows red car marks she it's it's really
like  finding someone is the same religion as you are with extreme athenais absolute
my  family my family faith that i later had to rebel
it's  just a very very unlikely you're going to connect sexual
compatible  that way you know there are all the things the vote her they were idiosyncratic because she was experience
she  was in the very
approach  to say
no  work for me at all it was
and  i mean there are technical aspects to it as well i had had years and
years  of sex education and then the main focus was used to condemn
don't  get
no
they  told you everything about conducts
except  the fact that implicitly
they  come in size as rat like in a male wardrobe
the  only items that don't come in sizes are neckties
but  a carom is not an actor in it not a bit
and  if the canoist too small for you
although  it is
absolute
oh
if  a condom
likely  to
possible  that
awful
and  again the canons in the western world they don't come to his knowledge making your shoes red
i  even
can  go and figure it out or something instead and conference
i  didn't have much money back that
relative  to wish money you got everything else like you
these  cones they use all come in these over the top boxes
some  of them have like in giant could letter extra extra large
some  cases that's
like  full advertise
just  a way to appeal the malediction to sell more columbian it's really large
and  i
as
in  some cases they really are you know extra
so  an awful position that way i didn't figure that for years afterward
the  whole time i was at my first girl friend the sex was awful
partly  for the more abstract
he
partly  due to
the  com thing was fundamental
a  sensation of having
awful
for  the whole relationship
because  the corn was using a regular size and
six  is to
and  that can
horrible
like  i can cause a reckless
choking  your
absorbed
again  looking at the you know you have this kind of egalitarian myth that all coniston
the  same side still to day you look on the internet
saying  oh no anyone keeps calm
not  true
absolutely  not
and  looking at the condemns you standing there as a kind
looking  at the
a  brand
differences  between them seemed to be everything except sides you know one is bright red and one is
bright  blue and one offers this
that  feature
but  size it's almost almost this
i  mean it's like this implicit thing that's not explain to you wasn't he
that  is i mean it was it was awful and
again  it was one i stand was a reship the one on
on
and
my  whole i mean again there's a mismatch here
my  war experience of sexuality at that stage of my
on  the one hand there were positive aspects of it that a lot of other
never
i  had the experience of women who were really beautiful
really  offering themselves to be
again  some men don't experience that at
i  had the experience of that with with girls my age
and  i also the experience with the dull women older women
trying  to secure
i  mean that's kind of positive
a  young man
feel  valued
going  on
and  you know of old of all these actions i had i made this
that's  a very positive
the  contrast of that was that the
it
was  able
this  really impact that this really shaped my philosophical world view and a profound way i continue
for  years that perception to me you know the next girl friend had after that
and  it took me years to fire
so  i mean i'm asking myself my sex was a very small part in my life by these low priority and
still  is it a small part of my life to loraine
it  right now honestly
that's
it  sets a much much larger part of my life now than it was during
it's  more hours in the
that  was a mimick and miss step there but not so now
but  it wasn't back then
but  i was asking myself what is the mean
what  is my place in this world as a will
and  i was finding the answers
bits  and
greek  philosophy
a  philosophy
of
german  philosophy i think guard into arthur schopenhauer lost
and  eventually but is too
that  has this very very negative
as  this view that you now desire
almost
and  then the gratification offered by a
love
finite
so  tiny
that  you know a man of substance ought not to care
that  a man ought to know that you know you carry this burden of desire
walking  around with a heavy rock
and  then when you put the rock down
feel  some relief
but  it's a total delusion
so  those ideas again you can find the engines and chenoine them in some modern
philosophers  like chopin or
you  find it in but his
but  i was only seeking out
reading  that stuff in responding to that stuff
because  of my own empirical experience
awful
really  did shape the way i view the world we develop
intellectually  moral in otherwise and i should say also so i mean the other contrasts
between  kind of the life of desire the biological urges and the life of the mind
and  then he also of the contrast between what my experience with sex is you
know  with just one woman
i  had other girl friends afterwards but that first relationship
and  the ridiculous
glorification  of a
stream  media in
so  again those things they really reinforced each other and i have to say losing by virginia in the way
that  i did and that relationship going the way i did and even on the level of physical sensation
my  experience about
a  tremendously negative influence in my life
i  also got to see that i mean even though i chose a girl
who  my parents would be proud of
girl  who read colmar to grow my parents approved of and everything else the relationship showed
me  more than ever before what complete hypocrites my parents were
and  how they didn't live up to the promise he
because  they did talk through with me the very specific
what  their view of sexuality was that i wasn't growing up in a christian
that  i wasn't expected to be a virgin till
and  they would be
the  promise they would be supported and positive that my having a girl
that  i wouldn't have to sneak around a
and  i got to see the moment i did have a girl
complete  its they were how totally incapable they were of
i  was one of many cracks
aside  of their left wing ideal
and  it's different humanitatis girlfriend we did have many meaningful conversations about politics
planet  earth
but  i guess she was my first left wing
my  last
very  soon after that even though it's a say in some ways that put me on a road to
so  reinforced that monastic tendency in my character that lois
i  guess you can also say it was part of my realizing the hollowness
much  of the left wing
and  heading off in a more
where  you know i didn't want to just talk about poverty
poverty
revolution
i  want to stay
i  didn't want to just be part of a
that  made a kind of cynical use
economic
to  back up its political agenda i wanted to actually
the  world
how  i can make a pot
use  the problems of the world as
and  even with something like the vietnam war i didn't want his table shallow
holier  than thou
what  happened in vietnam and why it proves that the american empire so terrible i wanted to know
what  really happened and why
from  all perspective
that  in a path to
living  in
having  a deeper and more
engaging  with
so  look
cartoner  is philosophies or important to me personally cooper yeeres
philosophy  of science he also does criticism of
dead  but he's a modern
call  paper talks with the extent to
empirical  expert
although  we rely on it for everythin
science  and politics
empirical  experience can by us on us can prejudice
such  a powerful way and that's really the final thing
is  that the tragedy of human sexuality
you  know
you  know your
actually  you're working
small  selection
of  imperial
and  you don't know until you try and you fail five times ten
whatever  it
and
for  me the long term shadow that losing my virginity left over my life
was  exactly the everything about the sex itself in that relationship was so negative was
so  awful
and  i didn't know what good sex was
i  didn't know what sex could
and  that led me to a view of
human  biology
as  something that set up for perpetual disapt
perpetual  sorrow
for  love being some
really  kind of
i  joke
he
praying
pull
to  trick us into getting somebody
and  that you know love can only lead to sorrow
and  that you know desire is this fire that can never be dosed
you  know poultry satisfaction offered
and  believe me it never entered my mind that age that i was basically being
misled  by my own empirical expert
and  that fundamentally i was just in bed with the wrong woman
using  the wrong conduct
and  there was still a lot more for me to learn
even  if that was in this category of
that's  outside of any
the  main stream
in  the songs
in  the poetry and even the philosophy
so  much time talking about
and  yet
something  you can never really
any  way other than
getting  out
getting  your heart broken
get  up feel the heart break lived through it get your heart broken and
learn  out above heart and an open mind
even  if you carry some bitterness with you even if you have some disappoint
you  know down in your back park
learn  to live with it learned to thrive
learn  to
learn  how to learn
that's  the hardest part
that's  what your parents
and
that's  why ideally if you are a parent at some point
you  got to give that tea
their  own or